{\rtf1\ansi\deflang1033\ftnbj\uc1\deff1
{\fonttbl{\f0 \froman \fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1 \fnil ;}{\f2 \fswiss \fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3 \fnil Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green255\blue255 ;\red0\green0\blue0 ;\red255\green0\blue0 ;\red128\green0\blue128 ;\red0\green0\blue0 ;}
{\stylesheet{\f0\fs22 Normal;}{\cs1 Default Paragraph Font;}}
{\*\revtbl{Unknown;}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\headery720\footery720\nogrowautofit\deftab720\formshade\fet4\aendnotes\aftnnrlc\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot
\sectd\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1800\margrsxn1800\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\headery720\footery720\sbkpage\pgncont\pgndec
\plain\plain\f1\fs24
{\header\pard\plain\f1\fs24\lang1033\hich\f0\dbch\f0\loch\f0\cf2\fs22\b Patient:\tab 25001 - Rajvi Patel\par DOB:\tab\tab 07/12/1981\par SSN:\tab\tab\par\par Date:\tab\tab 09/03/2010 17:45\par Provider:\tab Holt-Gonzalez, Tawna PTA\par Encounter:\tab 
Established Visit\par\cf3 Amended 09/07/2010 15:06 by Athena Zoulis\cf2\par\par\plain\f1\fs24}
{\footer\qc\plain\f1\fs24\lang1033\hich\f0\dbch\f0\loch\f0\cf2\fs22  Page {\field{\*\fldinst PAGE}{\fldrslt 2}}\plain\f1\fs24}
\pard\s0\ql\widctlpar\lang1033\hich\f0\dbch\f0\loch\f0\cf2\fs22\pard\s0\ql\widctlpar\par\cf4\fs24\b SUBJECTIVE \cf2\fs22\b0\par\pard\plain\f1\fs24\lang1033\hich\f2\dbch\f2\loch\f2\fs20\v body\hich\f0\dbch\f0\loch\f0\fs22\v0 Pt reports she's not as sore 
today.\v eg\v0\par\v ebody\v0  \par\pard\s0\ql\widctlpar\plain\f1\fs24\lang1033\hich\f0\dbch\f0\loch\f0\cf2\fs22  \par\cf4\fs24\b OBJECTIVE \cf2\fs22\b0\par\pard\plain\f1\fs24\lang1033\hich\f2\dbch\f2\loch\f2\fs20\v body\hich\f0\dbch\f0\loch\f0\fs22\v0 
Tx as per flowsheet - (+) hurdles, gait training without a crutch.\v eg\v0\par\v ebody\v0  \par\pard\s0\ql\widctlpar\plain\f1\fs24\lang1033\hich\f0\dbch\f0\loch\f0\cf2\fs22  \par\cf4\fs24\b PHYSICAL FINDINGS \cf2\fs22\b0\par\pard\plain\f1\fs24\lang1033\hich\f2\dbch\f2\loch\f2\fs20\v 
body\hich\f0\dbch\f0\loch\f0\fs22\b\v0 Musculoskeletal System:\par\fi-360\li720\ql\plain\f1\fs24\lang1033\hich\f0\dbch\f0\loch\f0\fs22\b Right Knee:\b0  \par\pard\s0\tx3600\tx5040\tx6480\ql\plain\f1\fs24\lang1033\hich\f0\dbch\f0\loch\f0\fs22 Knee Motion:\tab\tab 
Value \par Active flexion\tab\tab  110 degrees\par Passive flexion\tab\tab  119 degrees\par Active extension\tab\tab  2 degrees\par Passive extension\tab\tab  0 degrees\par\pard\s0\fi-360\li720\ql\plain\f1\fs24\lang1033\hich\f0\dbch\f0\loch\f0\fs22\b 
Left Knee:\b0  \par\pard\s0\tx3600\tx5040\tx6480\ql\plain\f1\fs24\lang1033\hich\f0\dbch\f0\loch\f0\fs22 Knee Motion:\tab\tab Value \par Active flexion\tab\tab  136 degrees\par Active extension\tab\tab  0 degrees\par\pard\plain\f1\fs24\lang1033\hich\f0\dbch\f0\loch\f0\fs22 
Inspection/Palpation: incision covered with steri-strips but appears to be c/d/i, decreased R patella mobility, considerable inflammation R knee, considerable tenderness R knee \par  \par Sensation: intact \par  \par Girth: \par Suprapatella: R 43.5cm 
          L 40.5cm \par Midpatella: R 41.5cm            L 40cm \par Infrapatella: R 37.5cm           L 37cm \par  \par Posture: fwd head, rounded shoulders, B protracted scap, increased TS kyphosis, decreased WB R LE \par  \par Gait: antalgic gait, decreased 
WB R LE, decreased R heel strike, decreased R LE stance time, ambulates with B axillary crutches, decreased speed, decreased balance \par  \par MMT: \par Hip Flexion: R 2+/5             L 4-/5 \par Knee Flexion: R 2-/5           L 4/5 \par Knee Extension: 
R 2/5          L 5/5 \par  \par Flexibility: decreased R HS, ITB, GS, hip flexor.\v eg\v0\par\v ebody\v0  \par\pard\s0\ql\widctlpar\plain\f1\fs24\lang1033\hich\f0\dbch\f0\loch\f0\cf2\fs22  \par\cf4\fs24\b ASSESSMENT \cf2\fs22\b0\par\pard\s0\fi360\ql\plain\f1\fs24\lang1033\hich\f2\dbch\f2\loch\f2\fs20\v 
body\hich\f0\dbch\f0\loch\f0\fs22\v0 \u8226 ?\~Sprained cruciate ligament of the knee\par \u8226 ?\~Aftercare following surgery for injury/trauma\par \u8226 ?\~Orthopedic physical therapy rehabilitation potential is good\par \u8226 ?\~Outcomes - tolerated 
treatment without complaint\par\pard\plain\f1\fs24\lang1033\hich\f0\dbch\f0\loch\f0\fs22 Pt exhibits signs/symptoms consistent with referring diagnosis.\par Pt presented with improved quad control performing SLR's x4, close supervision and VC's required 
with hurdle stepping and gait training. Pt received a size "F" compression sleeve.\v eg\v0\par\v ebody\v0  \par\pard\s0\ql\widctlpar\plain\f1\fs24\lang1033\hich\f0\dbch\f0\loch\f0\cf2\fs22  \par\cf4\fs24\b THERAPY \cf2\fs22\b0\par\pard\s0\fi360\ql\plain\f1\fs24\lang1033\hich\f2\dbch\f2\loch\f2\fs20\v 
body\hich\f0\dbch\f0\loch\f0\fs22\v0 \u8226 ?\~Referring physician: Dr. Marx.\par \u8226 ?\~Physical therapy goals for regional movement and functional.\par \u8226 ?\~Exercises assisted exercises for ROM and strengthening.\par \u8226 ?\~Soft tissue mobilization.\par 
\u8226 ?\~Home exercises.\par \u8226 ?\~Home exercise program education and functional activities.\par \u8226 ?\~Sequence activities to improve balance and coordination.\par \u8226 ?\~Training goals for activities of daily living.\par\pard\plain\f1\fs24\lang1033\hich\f0\dbch\f0\loch\f0\fs22 
Increase to full knee extension to allow for proper gait mechanics.\par Improve single leg balance to increase safety with LE dressing activities.\par Increase quadriceps strength.\par Improve LE proprioception.\par Stretching.\par Joint Mobilization.\par 
Refer to exercise flow sheet for specific exercise plan.\v eg\v0\par\v ebody\v0  \par\pard\s0\ql\widctlpar\plain\f1\fs24\lang1033\hich\f0\dbch\f0\loch\f0\cf2\fs22  \par\cf4\fs24\b PLAN \cf2\fs22\b0\par\pard\s0\fi360\ql\plain\f1\fs24\lang1033\hich\f2\dbch\f2\loch\f2\fs20\v 
body\hich\f0\dbch\f0\loch\f0\fs22\v0 \u8226 ?\~Scheduled for physical therapy 2-3 times per week\par \u8226 ?\~Exercises for the hip\par \u8226 ?\~Exercises for the knee\par \u8226 ?\~Exercises for the legs\par\pard\plain\f1\fs24\lang1033\hich\f0\dbch\f0\loch\f0\fs22 
Neuromuscular re-education to improve balance and proprioception.\par Cold Packs to decrease pain and inflammation.\par Posture / Ergonomic training.\par Plan to progress A/AA/PROM.\par Short Term Goals: decrease pain by 1-2, improve flexibility, improve 
ROM by 5-10 deg, improve MMT by 1/2 grade.\par Electric Stimulation to promote tissue healing.\par Joint mobilization to improve joint mobility.\par Therapeutic Activities to improve dynamic functional performance.\par Soft tissue mobilization to improve 
mobility.\par Educate on HEP.\par Hot packs to decrease pain and tissue tension.\par Plan to progress with strengthening.\par Duration: 12 weeks \par .\par Frequency : 2-3 times per week.\par Therapeutic exercise to increase ROM, strength and endurance.\par 
Long Term Goals: D/C independent with HEP, improve ROM to WFL/WNL, improve MMT to WFL/WNL, return to PLOF, improve ability to ambulate, improve ability to negotiate stairs.\par Gait training to improve gait.\par POC reviewed and agreed to by patient.\v 
eg\v0\par\v ebody\v0  \par\pard\s0\ql\widctlpar\plain\f1\fs24\lang1033\hich\f0\dbch\f0\loch\f0\cf2\fs22\b\par\par Tawna Holt-Gonzalez PTA \fs20\par Electronically signed by: Tawna Holt-Gonzalez     Date: 09/29/2011 07:03\par\pard\s0\ql\plain\f1\fs24\hich\f3\dbch\f3\loch\f3\cf2\fs20\b\par\par\lang1033\hich\f0\dbch\f0\loch\f0 
Electronically approved by: Tawna Holt-Gonzalez     Date: 09/29/11 07:03}
